---1.What do you mean by cells in an excel sheet?

Ans=>In Microsoft Excel, a cell is a rectangular box that occurs at the intersection of a vertical column and a horizontal row in a worksheet. Vertical columns are numbered with alphabetic values such as A, B, C. Horizontal rows are numbered with numeric values such as 1, 2, 3.

A cell can only store 1 piece of data at a time. You can store data in a cell such as a formula, text value, numeric value, or date value.

There are many things that you can do with cells in Excel such as changing the font format, number format, background, alignment, and conditional formatting. 

---2. How can you restrict someone from copying a cell from your worksheet?

Ans=>We can use following ways to restrict someone from copying a cell from your worksheet:

     1. Use Info Option to Protect Excel Sheet from Copy
	 1.1 Secure Workbook with Password
	 1.2 Make an Excel Sheet Read-Only
	 
	 2. Prevent Excel Sheet from Copy-Paste with Review Tab
	 3. Apply VBA to Protect Sheet from Copy-Paste in Excel
	 4. Lock Cells to Secure an Excel Sheet from Copy
	 Click the Select All button =>right-click your mouse and select ‘Format Cells’ from the drop-down menu.
	 After that, go to Protection and check the Locked Click OK to proceed.
	 
	 
---3. How to move or copy the worksheet into another workbook?

Ans=> 1. Copy Excel sheet by dragging
      2. Duplicate a sheet by right-clicking
      3. Copy a tab in Excel using the ribbon
      To copy a sheet, go to the Home tab > Cells group, click Format, and then click Move or Copy Sheet:
	 
---4.Which key is used as a shortcut for opening a new window document?

Ans=> Ctrl + N

---5.What are the things that we can notice after opening the Excel interface?

Ans=>Worksheet Tabs,Cells,Name Box,Horizontal split control,Vertical split control,Quick access toolbar,Formula Bar,Office button,File button,Status bar
     Ribbon Tabs –Home, Insert, Page Layout, Formulas,Draw ,Review,View,Help
	 Ribbon
	 
---6. When to use a relative cell reference in excel?

Ans=>When you copy the formula from one cell to another the relative cell address changes depending on the relative position of column and row. C1, D2, E4, etc are examples of relative cell references. Relative references are used when we want to perform a similar operation on multiple cells and the formula must change according to the relative address of column and row.